[Osquery] Add docs for Osquery API (#137162)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/osquery-manager/packs/update.asciidoc

[[osquery-manager-packs-api-update]]
=== Update pack API
++++
<titleabbrev>Update pack</titleabbrev>
++++

experimental[] Update packs.

> WARNING: You cannot update a prebuilt pack (`read_only = true`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: You are unable to update a prebuilt pack (`read_only = true`).
```

[[osquery-manager-packs-api-update-request]]
==== Request

`PUT <kibana host>:<port>/api/osquery/packs/<id>`

`PUT <kibana host>:<port>/s/<space_id>/api/osquery/packs/<id>`

[[osquery-manager-packs-api-update-path-params]]
==== Path parameters

`space_id`::

>   (Optional, string) An identifier for the space. If `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, string) The space identifier. When `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.
```

`id`::
  (Required, string) The ID of the pack you want to update.

[[osquery-manager-packs-api-update-body-params]]
==== Request body

> `name`:: (Optional, string) The name of the pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`name`:: (Optional, string) The pack name.
```

> `description`:: (Optional, string) A description of the pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`description`:: (Optional, string) The pack description.
```

> `enabled`:: (Optional, boolean) Whether the pack is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`enabled`:: (Optional, boolean) Enables the pack.
```

> `policy_ids`:: (Optional, array) A list of agents policy IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`policy_ids`:: (Optional, array) A list of agent policy IDs.
```
